---
page_title: "conductorone_app_entitlement Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AppEntitlement Datasource
---

# conductorone_app_entitlement (Data Source)

AppEntitlement Datasource

The App Entitlement datasource allows you to retrieve an App Entitlement by `alias` (case sensitive), or by an `id` and `app_id` pair in ConductorOne.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "conductorone_app_entitlement" "okta_everyone" {
  alias = "okta_everyone"
}

data "conductorone_app_entitlement" "okta_test_admin" {
  app_id = "<app_id>"
  id     = "<entitlement_id>"
}

data "conductorone_app_entitlement" "okta_administrators" {
  alias = "okta_test_admin"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `alias` (String) The alias field.
- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `id` (String) The id field.

### Read-Only

- `app_resource_id` (String) The appResourceId field.
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The appResourceTypeId field.
- `certify_policy_id` (String) The certifyPolicyId is the ID of the policy that will be used for access review certify tasks.
- `compliance_framework_value_ids` (List of String) ComplianceFrameworkValueIds is a list of ComplianceFramework attributes that are set on the app entitlement.
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description field.
- `display_name` (String) The displayName field.
- `duration_grant` (String) The DurationGrant field is a string attribute that represents the maximum duration a grant to this entitlement can last. 
				The format of this is <time in seconds>s. i.e. 1h = 3600s.
- `duration_unset` (Attributes) The DurationUnset field is set if there is no maximum duration a grant to this entitlement can last. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--duration_unset))
- `emergency_grant_enabled` (Boolean) The emergencyGrantEnabled field determines whether or not this entitlement has an emergency grant policy.
- `emergency_grant_policy_id` (String) The emergencyGrantPolicyId field is the ID of the grant policy that will be used for emergency grant tasks. 
				To set this field, emergencyGrantEnabled must be set to true.
- `grant_policy_id` (String) The grantPolicyId field is the policy that will be used for access request grant tasks.
- `provision_policy` (Attributes) The ProvisionPolicy message is the Provision strategy that will be used for granting access for this entitlement.
This message contains a oneof. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - connector
  - manual
  - delegated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy))
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) The revokePolicyId field is the ID of the policy that will be used for revoke access tasks.
- `risk_level_value_id` (String) The riskLevelValueId field is the ID of the risk level attribute value that will be set on the app entitlement.
- `slug` (String) The slug field.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--duration_unset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `duration_unset`


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy`

Read-Only:

- `connector_provision` (Attributes) The ConnectorProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision))
- `delegated_provision` (Attributes) The DelegatedProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--delegated_provision))
- `manual_provision` (Attributes) The ManualProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--manual_provision))

<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision`


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--delegated_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.delegated_provision`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `entitlement_id` (String) The entitlementId field.


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--manual_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.manual_provision`

Read-Only:

- `instructions` (String) The instructions field.
- `user_ids` (List of String) The userIds field.