---
page_title: "conductorone_app_resources Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AppResources DataSource
---

# conductorone_app_resources (Data Source)

AppResources DataSource

The app resources datasource allows you to retrieve ConductorOne App Resources using the following search criteria:

* `app_id` - The ID of the app
* `app_user_ids` - The user IDs of the app
* `exclude_deleted_resource_bindings` - Exclude deleted resource bindings
* `exclude_resource_ids` - List of excluded resource IDs
* `exclude_resource_type_trait_ids` - List of Excluded resource type trait IDs
* `query` - Search query string
* `refs` - The ref fields
* `resource_ids` - List of resourceIDs
* `resource_type_ids` - List of resource type IDs
* `resource_type_trait_ids` - List of the resource type trait IDs

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "conductorone_app_resources" "my_app_resources" {
  app_id = "...my_app_id..."
  app_user_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  exclude_deleted_resource_bindings = false
  exclude_resource_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  exclude_resource_type_trait_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  owner_user_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  page_size  = 7
  page_token = "...my_page_token..."
  query      = "...my_query..."
  refs = [
    {
      app_id               = "...my_app_id..."
      app_resource_type_id = "...my_app_resource_type_id..."
      id                   = "...my_id..."
    }
  ]
  resource_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  resource_type_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  resource_type_trait_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `app_user_ids` (List of String) The appUserIds field.
- `exclude_deleted_resource_bindings` (Boolean) The excludeDeletedResourceBindings field.
- `exclude_resource_ids` (List of String) The excludeResourceIds field.
- `exclude_resource_type_trait_ids` (List of String) The excludeResourceTypeTraitIds field.
- `owner_user_ids` (List of String) The ownerUserIds field.
- `page_size` (Number) The pageSize field.
- `page_token` (String) The pageToken field.
- `query` (String) The query field.
- `refs` (Attributes List) The refs field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refs))
- `resource_ids` (List of String) The resourceIds field.
- `resource_type_ids` (List of String) The resourceTypeIds field.
- `resource_type_trait_ids` (List of String) The resourceTypeTraitIds field.

### Read-Only

- `expanded` (Attributes List) The expanded field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expanded))
- `list` (Attributes List) The list field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))
- `next_page_token` (String) The nextPageToken field.

<a id="nestedatt--refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refs`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The appResourceTypeId field.
- `id` (String) The id field.


<a id="nestedatt--expanded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expanded`


<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `actor_object_permissions` (Attributes) The ActorObjectPermissions message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--actor_object_permissions))
- `app_resource` (Attributes) The app resource message is a single resource that can have entitlements.

This message contains a oneof named metadata. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - secretTrait (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--app_resource))

<a id="nestedatt--list--actor_object_permissions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.actor_object_permissions`

Read-Only:

- `delete` (Boolean) The delete field.
- `edit` (Boolean) The edit field.
- `extra` (Map of Boolean) The extra field.
- `read` (Boolean) The read field.


<a id="nestedatt--list--app_resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.app_resource`

Read-Only:

- `access_config_id` (String) The access config ID for this resource. May be empty.
 Must be one of the builtin access config IDs or empty.
- `app_id` (String) The app that this resource belongs to.
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The resource type that this resource is.
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description set for the resource.
- `display_name` (String) The display name for this resource.
- `grant_count` (String) The number of grants to this resource.
- `id` (String) The id of the resource.
- `match_baton_id` (String) The matchBatonId field.
- `parent_app_resource_id` (String) The parent resource id, if this resource is a child of another resource.
- `parent_app_resource_type_id` (String) The parent resource type id, if this resource is a child of another resource.
- `profile` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--app_resource--profile))
- `secret_trait` (Attributes) The SecretTrait message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--app_resource--secret_trait))
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--list--app_resource--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.app_resource.profile`


<a id="nestedatt--list--app_resource--secret_trait"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.app_resource.secret_trait`

Read-Only:

- `identity_app_user_id` (String) The identityAppUserId field.
- `last_used_at` (String)
- `secret_created_at` (String)
- `secret_expires_at` (String)