---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "conductorone_app_resource_types Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AppResourceTypes DataSource
---

# conductorone_app_resource_types (Data Source)

AppResourceTypes DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "conductorone_app_resource_types" "my_app_resource_types" {
  app_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  app_user_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  display_name = "...my_display_name..."
  exclude_resource_type_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  exclude_resource_type_trait_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  page_size  = 0
  page_token = "...my_page_token..."
  query      = "...my_query..."
  resource_type_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  resource_type_trait_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_ids` (List of String) A list of app IDs to restrict the search by.
- `app_user_ids` (List of String) A list of app user IDs to restrict the search by.
- `display_name` (String) Exact match on display name
- `exclude_resource_type_ids` (List of String) A list of resource type IDs to exclude from the search.
- `exclude_resource_type_trait_ids` (List of String) A list of resource type trait IDs to exclude from the search.
- `page_size` (Number) The pageSize where 10 <= pageSize <= 100, default 25.
- `page_token` (String) The pageToken field.
- `query` (String) Fuzzy search the display name of resource types.
- `resource_type_ids` (List of String) A list of resource type IDs to restrict the search by.
- `resource_type_trait_ids` (List of String) A list of resource type trait IDs to restrict the search by.

### Read-Only

- `list` (Attributes List) The list of results containing up to X results, where X is the page size defined in the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))
- `next_page_token` (String) The nextPageToken is shown for the next page if the number of results is larger than the max page size.
 The server returns one page of results and the nextPageToken until all results are retreived.
 To retrieve the next page, use the same request and append a pageToken field with the value of nextPageToken shown on the previous page.

<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app that is associated with the app resource type
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the app resource type.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for the app resource type.
- `trait_ids` (List of String) Associated trait ids
- `updated_at` (String)
