---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "conductorone_apps Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Apps DataSource
---

# conductorone_apps (Data Source)

Apps DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "conductorone_apps" "my_apps" {
  app_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  display_name = "...my_display_name..."
  exclude_app_ids = [
    "..."
  ]
  only_directories = false
  page_size        = 5
  page_token       = "...my_page_token..."
  policy_refs = [
    {
      id = "...my_id..."
    }
  ]
  query = "...my_query..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `app_ids` (List of String) A list of app IDs to restrict the search to.
- `display_name` (String) Search for apps with a case insensitive match on the display name.
- `exclude_app_ids` (List of String) A list of app IDs to remove from the results.
- `only_directories` (Boolean) Only return apps which are directories
- `page_size` (Number) The pageSize where 0 <= pageSize <= 100. Values < 10 will be set to 10. A value of 0 returns the default page size (currently 25)
- `page_token` (String) The pageToken field.
- `policy_refs` (Attributes List) Search for apps that use any of these policies. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy_refs))
- `query` (String) Query the apps with a fuzzy search on display name and description.

### Read-Only

- `list` (Attributes List) The list of results containing up to X results, where X is the page size defined in the request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))
- `next_page_token` (String) The nextPageToken is shown for the next page if the number of results is larger than the max page size.
 The server returns one page of results and the nextPageToken until all results are retreived.
 To retrieve the next page, use the same request and append a pageToken field with the value of nextPageToken shown on the previous page.

<a id="nestedatt--policy_refs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_refs`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The id field.


<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `app_account_id` (String) The ID of the Account named by AccountName.
- `app_account_name` (String) The AccountName of the app. For example, AWS is AccountID, Github is Org Name, and Okta is Okta Subdomain.
- `certify_policy_id` (String) The ID of the Certify Policy associated with this App.
- `connector_version` (Number) The connectorVersion field.
- `created_at` (String)
- `default_request_catalog_id` (String) The ID for the default request catalog for this app.
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The app's description.
- `display_name` (String) The app's display name.
- `grant_policy_id` (String) The ID of the Grant Policy associated with this App.
- `id` (String) The ID of the app.
- `identity_matching` (String) The identityMatching field.
- `instructions` (String) If you add instructions here, they will be shown to users in the access request form when requesting access for this app.
- `is_directory` (Boolean) Specifies if the app is a directory.
- `is_manually_managed` (Boolean) The isManuallyManaged field.
- `monthly_cost_usd` (Number) The cost of an app per-seat, so that total cost can be calculated by the grant count.
- `parent_app_id` (String) The ID of the app that created this app, if any.
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) The ID of the Revoke Policy associated with this App.
- `strict_access_entitlement_provisioning` (Boolean) The strictAccessEntitlementProvisioning field.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `user_count` (String) The number of users with grants to this app.
