---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "conductorone_request_catalogs Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  RequestCatalogs DataSource
---

# conductorone_request_catalogs (Data Source)

RequestCatalogs DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "conductorone_request_catalogs" "my_request_catalogs" {
  page_size  = 8
  page_token = "...my_page_token..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `page_size` (Number)
- `page_token` (String)

### Read-Only

- `expanded` (Attributes List) List of serialized related objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expanded))
- `list` (Attributes List) The list of request catalogs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list))
- `next_page_token` (String) The nextPageToken is shown for the next page if the number of results is larger than the max page size.
 The server returns one page of results and the nextPageToken until all results are retreived.
 To retrieve the next page, use the same request and append a pageToken field with the value of nextPageToken shown on the previous page.

<a id="nestedatt--expanded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expanded`


<a id="nestedatt--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list`

Read-Only:

- `request_catalog` (Attributes) The RequestCatalog is used for managing which entitlements are requestable, and who can request them. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--list--request_catalog))

<a id="nestedatt--list--request_catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `list.request_catalog`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by_user_id` (String) The id of the user this request catalog was created by.
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the request catalog.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the request catalog.
- `enrollment_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the request policies of the entitlements in the catalog during enrollment.
- `id` (String) The id of the request catalog.
- `published` (Boolean) Whether or not this catalog is published.
- `request_bundle` (Boolean) Whether all the entitlements in the catalog can be requests at once. Your tenant must have the bundles feature to use this.
- `unenrollment_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the revocation of the entitlements in the catalog during unenrollment.
- `unenrollment_entitlement_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the revoke policies of the entitlements in the catalog during unenrollment.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `visible_to_everyone` (Boolean) If this is true, the access entitlement requirement is ignored.
