---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "terraform_catalog Data Source - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Catalog DataSource
---

# terraform_catalog (Data Source)

Catalog DataSource

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "terraform_catalog" "my_catalog" {
  id = "3378be3e-d33c-494d-b9ef-06bf634fc68e"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `access_entitlements` (Attributes List) An array of app entitlements that, if the user has, can view the contents of this catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements))
- `access_entitlements_path` (String) JSONPATH expression indicating the location of the access entitlement objects, that the request catalog allows users to request, in the array.
- `app_ids` (List of String) The Apps contained in this request catalog.
- `app_paths` (String) JSONPATH expression indicating the location of the App object in the array.
- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by_user_id` (String) The id of the user this request catalog was created by.
- `created_by_user_path` (String) JSONPATH expression indicating the location of the User object, that created the request catalog, in the array.
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the request catalog.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the request catalog.
- `expanded` (Attributes List) List of serialized related objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expanded))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `published` (Boolean) Whether or not this catalog is published.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `visible_to_everyone` (Boolean) If this is true, the access entitlement requirement is ignored.

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The alias of the app entitlement used by Cone. Also exact-match queryable.
- `app_id` (String) The ID of the app that is associated with the app entitlement.
- `app_resource_id` (String) The ID of the app resource that is associated with the app entitlement
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The ID of the app resource type that is associated with the app entitlement
- `certify_policy_id` (String) The ID of the policy that will be used for certify tickets related to the app entitlement.
- `compliance_framework_value_ids` (List of String) The IDs of different compliance frameworks associated with this app entitlement ex (SOX, HIPAA, PCI, etc.)
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description of the app entitlement.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the app entitlement.
- `duration_grant` (String)
- `duration_unset` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--duration_unset))
- `emergency_grant_enabled` (Boolean) This enables tasks to be created in an emergency and use a selected emergency access policy.
- `emergency_grant_policy_id` (String) The ID of the policy that will be used for emergency access grant tasks.
- `grant_count` (String) The amount of grants open for this entitlement
- `grant_policy_id` (String) The ID of the policy that will be used for grant tickets related to the app entitlement.
- `id` (String) The unique ID for the App Entitlement.
- `provision_policy` (Attributes) ProvisionPolicy is a oneOf that indicates how a provision step should be processed.

This message contains a oneof named typ. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - connector
  - manual
  - delegated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy))
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) The ID of the policy that will be used for revoke tickets related to the app entitlement
- `risk_level_value_id` (String) The riskLevelValueId field.
- `slug` (String) The slug is displayed as an oval next to the name in the frontend of C1, it tells you what permission the entitlement grants. See https://www.conductorone.com/docs/product/manage-access/entitlements/
- `system_builtin` (Boolean) This field indicates if this is a system builtin entitlement.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `user_edited_mask` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--duration_unset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.duration_unset`


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy`

Read-Only:

- `connector_provision` (Attributes) Indicates that a connector should perform the provisioning. This object has no fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--connector_provision))
- `delegated_provision` (Attributes) This provision step indicates that we should delegate provisioning to the configuration of another app entitlement. This app entitlement does not have to be one from the same app, but MUST be configured as a proxy binding leading into this entitlement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--delegated_provision))
- `manual_provision` (Attributes) Manual provisioning indicates that a human must intervene for the provisioning of this step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--manual_provision))

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--connector_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.connector_provision`


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--delegated_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.delegated_provision`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The AppID of the entitlement to delegate provisioning to.
- `entitlement_id` (String) The ID of the entitlement we are delegating provisioning to.
- `implicit` (Boolean) If true, a binding will be automatically created from the entitlement of the parent app.


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--manual_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.manual_provision`

Read-Only:

- `instructions` (String) This field indicates a text body of instructions for the provisioner to indicate.
- `user_ids` (List of String) An array of users that are required to provision during this step.




<a id="nestedatt--expanded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expanded`

Read-Only:

- `additional_properties` (String) Parsed as JSON.
- `at_type` (String) The type of the serialized message.
