---
page_title: "conductorone_access_profile Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AccessProfile Resource
---

# conductorone_access_profile (Resource)

AccessProfile Resource

This resource allows you to configure a Request Access Profile instance in ConductorOne.
When creating a Request Access Profile you must provide a display name. Optionally, you can configure if the access profile is published, visible to everyone, and provide a description.
You can then configure exactly who should be able to see the access profile, and what entitlements should be requestable with the `access_profile_visibility_bindings_resource`
and `access_profile_entitlement_bindings_resource` resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_access_profile" "my_access_profile" {
  description                       = "...my_description..."
  display_name                      = "...my_display_name..."
  enrollment_behavior               = "REQUEST_CATALOG_ENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_UNSPECIFIED"
  published                         = false
  request_bundle                    = false
  unenrollment_behavior             = "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_UNSPECIFIED"
  unenrollment_entitlement_behavior = "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_ENTITLEMENT_BEHAVIOR_BYPASS"
  visible_to_everyone               = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the new request catalog.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the new request catalog.
- `enrollment_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the request policies of the entitlements in the catalog during enrollment. must be one of ["REQUEST_CATALOG_ENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_UNSPECIFIED", "REQUEST_CATALOG_ENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_BYPASS_ENTITLEMENT_REQUEST_POLICY", "REQUEST_CATALOG_ENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_ENFORCE_ENTITLEMENT_REQUEST_POLICY"]
- `published` (Boolean) Whether or not the new catalog should be created as published.
- `request_bundle` (Boolean) Whether all the entitlements in the catalog can be requests at once. Your tenant must have the bundles feature to use this.
- `unenrollment_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the revocation of the entitlements in the catalog during unenrollment. must be one of ["REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_UNSPECIFIED", "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_LEAVE_ACCESS_AS_IS", "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_REVOKE_ALL", "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_BEHAVIOR_REVOKE_UNJUSTIFIED"]
- `unenrollment_entitlement_behavior` (String) Defines how to handle the revoke policies of the entitlements in the catalog during unenrollment. must be one of ["REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_ENTITLEMENT_BEHAVIOR_UNSPECIFIED", "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_ENTITLEMENT_BEHAVIOR_BYPASS", "REQUEST_CATALOG_UNENROLLMENT_ENTITLEMENT_BEHAVIOR_ENFORCE"]
- `visible_to_everyone` (Boolean) Whether or not the new catalog is visible to everyone by default.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by_user_id` (String) The id of the user this request catalog was created by.
- `expanded` (Attributes List) List of serialized related objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expanded))
- `id` (String) The id of the request catalog.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--expanded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expanded`
