---
page_title: "conductorone_app Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  App Resource
---

# conductorone_app (Resource)

App Resource

This resource allows you to configure an App instance in ConductorOne.
When creating an app you must provide a display name. Optionally, you can provide policies, cost per seat, and a description.

NOTE: To control appOwners you must use the `conductorone_app_owner` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_app" "my_app" {
  certify_policy_id                      = "...my_certify_policy_id..."
  description                            = "...my_description..."
  display_name                           = "...my_display_name..."
  grant_policy_id                        = "...my_grant_policy_id..."
  identity_matching                      = "APP_USER_IDENTITY_MATCHING_CUSTOM"
  instructions                           = "...my_instructions..."
  monthly_cost_usd                       = 1
  revoke_policy_id                       = "...my_revoke_policy_id..."
  strict_access_entitlement_provisioning = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Creates the app with this display name.

### Optional

- `certify_policy_id` (String) Creates the app with this certify policy.
- `description` (String) Creates the app with this description.
- `grant_policy_id` (String) Creates the app with this grant policy.
- `identity_matching` (String) Define the app user identity matching strategy for this app. possible known values include one of ["APP_USER_IDENTITY_MATCHING_UNSPECIFIED", "APP_USER_IDENTITY_MATCHING_STRICT", "APP_USER_IDENTITY_MATCHING_DISPLAY_NAME", "APP_USER_IDENTITY_MATCHING_CUSTOM"]
- `instructions` (String) Instructions shown to users in the access request form when requesting access for this app.
- `monthly_cost_usd` (Number) Creates the app with this monthly cost per seat.
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) Creates the app with this revoke policy.
- `strict_access_entitlement_provisioning` (Boolean) This flag enforces a provisioning mode where the access entitlement is always included in the provisioning flow, if the app user doesn't exist

### Read-Only

- `app_account_id` (String) The ID of the Account named by AccountName.
- `app_account_name` (String) The AccountName of the app. For example, AWS is AccountID, Github is Org Name, and Okta is Okta Subdomain.
- `app_user_mapper` (Attributes) AppUserMapper configures custom account mapping for uplift. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_user_mapper))
- `connector_version` (Number) The connectorVersion field.
- `created_at` (String)
- `default_request_catalog_id` (String) The ID for the default request catalog for this app.
- `enable_connector_sourced_ownership` (Boolean) When enabled, resource ownership is sourced from the connector.
- `id` (String) The ID of the app.
- `is_directory` (Boolean) Specifies if the app is a directory.
- `is_manually_managed` (Boolean) The isManuallyManaged field.
- `parent_app_id` (String) The ID of the app that created this app, if any.
- `updated_at` (String)
- `user_count` (String) The number of users with grants to this app.

<a id="nestedatt--app_user_mapper"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_user_mapper`

Read-Only:

- `mapping_cases` (Attributes List) Ordered list of match cases. Each case defines a pair of CEL key extractors. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--app_user_mapper--mapping_cases))

<a id="nestedatt--app_user_mapper--mapping_cases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_user_mapper.mapping_cases`

Read-Only:

- `app_user_key_cel` (String) CEL expression evaluated against an AppUser to produce match key(s).
- `user_key_cel` (String) CEL expression evaluated against a User to produce match key(s).