---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "conductorone_app_entitlement Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  AppEntitlement Resource
---

# conductorone_app_entitlement (Resource)

AppEntitlement Resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `id` (String) The id field.

### Optional

- `alias` (String) The alias field.
- `certify_policy_id` (String) The certifyPolicyId is the ID of the policy that will be used for access review certify tasks.
- `compliance_framework_value_ids` (List of String) ComplianceFrameworkValueIds is a list of ComplianceFramework attributes that are set on the app entitlement.
- `description` (String) The description field.
- `display_name` (String) The displayName field.
- `duration_grant` (String) The DurationGrant field is a string attribute that represents the maximum duration a grant to this entitlement can last. 
				The format of this is <time in seconds>s. i.e. 1h = 3600s.
- `duration_unset` (Attributes) The DurationUnset field is set if there is no maximum duration a grant to this entitlement can last. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--duration_unset))
- `emergency_grant_enabled` (Boolean) The emergencyGrantEnabled field determines whether or not this entitlement has an emergency grant policy.
- `emergency_grant_policy_id` (String) The emergencyGrantPolicyId field is the ID of the grant policy that will be used for emergency grant tasks. 
				To set this field, emergencyGrantEnabled must be set to true.
- `grant_policy_id` (String) The grantPolicyId field is the policy that will be used for access request grant tasks.
- `override_access_requests_defaults` (Boolean) The overrideAccessRequestsDefaults field.
- `provision_policy` (Attributes) ProvisionPolicy is a oneOf that indicates how a provision step should be processed.

This message contains a oneof named typ. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - connector
  - manual
  - delegated
  - webhook
  - multiStep
  - externalTicket (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy))
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) The revokePolicyId field is the ID of the policy that will be used for revoke access tasks.
- `risk_level_value_id` (String) The riskLevelValueId field is the ID of the risk level attribute value that will be set on the app entitlement.
- `slug` (String) The slug field.

### Read-Only

- `app_resource_id` (String) The appResourceId field.
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The appResourceTypeId field.
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--duration_unset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `duration_unset`


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy`

Optional:

- `connector_provision` (Attributes) Indicates that a connector should perform the provisioning. This object has no fields.

This message contains a oneof named provision_type. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - defaultBehavior
  - account
  - deleteAccount (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision))
- `delegated_provision` (Attributes) This provision step indicates that we should delegate provisioning to the configuration of another app entitlement. This app entitlement does not have to be one from the same app, but MUST be configured as a proxy binding leading into this entitlement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--delegated_provision))
- `external_ticket_provision` (Attributes) This provision step indicates that we should check an external ticket to provision this entitlement (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--external_ticket_provision))
- `manual_provision` (Attributes) Manual provisioning indicates that a human must intervene for the provisioning of this step. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--manual_provision))
- `multi_step` (String) MultiStep indicates that this provision step has multiple steps to process. Parsed as JSON.
- `unconfigured_provision` (Attributes) The UnconfiguredProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--unconfigured_provision))
- `webhook_provision` (Attributes) This provision step indicates that a webhook should be called to provision this entitlement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--webhook_provision))

<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision`

Optional:

- `account_provision` (Attributes) The AccountProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--account_provision))
- `default_behavior` (Attributes) The DefaultBehavior message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--default_behavior))

Read-Only:

- `delete_account` (Attributes) The DeleteAccount message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--delete_account))

<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--account_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision.account_provision`

Optional:

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--account_provision--config))
- `connector_id` (String) The connectorId field.
- `schema_id` (String) The schemaId field.

<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--account_provision--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision.account_provision.config`



<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--default_behavior"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision.default_behavior`

Optional:

- `connector_id` (String) this checks if the entitlement is enabled by provisioning in a specific connector
 this can happen automatically and doesn't need any extra info


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--connector_provision--delete_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.connector_provision.delete_account`

Read-Only:

- `connector_id` (String) The connectorId field.



<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--delegated_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.delegated_provision`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The AppID of the entitlement to delegate provisioning to.
- `entitlement_id` (String) The ID of the entitlement we are delegating provisioning to.


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--external_ticket_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.external_ticket_provision`

Optional:

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `connector_id` (String) The connectorId field.
- `external_ticket_provisioner_config_id` (String) The externalTicketProvisionerConfigId field.
- `instructions` (String) This field indicates a text body of instructions for the provisioner to indicate.


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--manual_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.manual_provision`

Optional:

- `instructions` (String) This field indicates a text body of instructions for the provisioner to indicate.
- `user_ids` (List of String) An array of users that are required to provision during this step.


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--unconfigured_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.unconfigured_provision`


<a id="nestedatt--provision_policy--webhook_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `provision_policy.webhook_provision`

Optional:

- `webhook_id` (String) The ID of the webhook to call for provisioning.
