---
page_title: "conductorone_catalog Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Catalog Resource
---

# conductorone_catalog (Resource)

Catalog Resource

This resource allows you to configure a Request Catalog instance in ConductorOne.
When creating a Request Catalog you must provide a display name. Optionally, you can configure if the catalog is published, visible to everyone, and provide a description. 
You can then configure exactly who should be able to see the catalog, and what entitlements should be requestable with the `catalog_visibility_bindings_resource` 
and `catalog_entitlement_bindings_resource` resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_catalog" "test_catalog" {
  display_name        = "terraform created catalog"
  description         = "terraform test"
  visible_to_everyone = "false"
  published           = "true"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The displayName field.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description field.
- `published` (Boolean) The published field.
- `visible_to_everyone` (Boolean) The visibleToEveryone field.

### Read-Only

- `access_entitlements` (Attributes List) The accessEntitlements field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements))
- `access_entitlements_path` (String) The accessEntitlementsPath field.
- `app_ids` (List of String) The appIds field.
- `app_paths` (String) The appPaths field.
- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by_user_id` (String) The createdByUserId field.
- `created_by_user_path` (String) The createdByUserPath field.
- `expanded` (Attributes List) The expanded field. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--expanded))
- `id` (String) The id field.
- `request_catalog_expand_mask` (Attributes) The RequestCatalogExpandMask message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--request_catalog_expand_mask))
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements`

Read-Only:

- `alias` (String) The alias field.
- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `app_resource_id` (String) The appResourceId field.
- `app_resource_type_id` (String) The appResourceTypeId field.
- `certify_policy_id` (String) The certifyPolicyId field.
- `compliance_framework_value_ids` (List of String) The complianceFrameworkValueIds field.
- `created_at` (String)
- `deleted_at` (String)
- `description` (String) The description field.
- `display_name` (String) The displayName field.
- `duration_grant` (String)
- `duration_unset` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--duration_unset))
- `emergency_grant_enabled` (Boolean) The emergencyGrantEnabled field.
- `emergency_grant_policy_id` (String) The emergencyGrantPolicyId field.
- `grant_count` (String) The grantCount field.
- `grant_policy_id` (String) The grantPolicyId field.
- `id` (String) The id field.
- `provision_policy` (Attributes) The ProvisionPolicy message.

This message contains a oneof named typ. Only a single field of the following list may be set at a time:
  - connector
  - manual
  - delegated (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy))
- `revoke_policy_id` (String) The revokePolicyId field.
- `risk_level_value_id` (String) The riskLevelValueId field.
- `slug` (String) The slug field.
- `system_builtin` (Boolean) The systemBuiltin field.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--duration_unset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.duration_unset`


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy`

Read-Only:

- `connector_provision` (Attributes) The ConnectorProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--connector_provision))
- `delegated_provision` (Attributes) The DelegatedProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--delegated_provision))
- `manual_provision` (Attributes) The ManualProvision message. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--manual_provision))

<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--connector_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.connector_provision`


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--delegated_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.delegated_provision`

Read-Only:

- `app_id` (String) The appId field.
- `entitlement_id` (String) The entitlementId field.


<a id="nestedatt--access_entitlements--provision_policy--manual_provision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_entitlements.provision_policy.manual_provision`

Read-Only:

- `instructions` (String) The instructions field.
- `user_ids` (List of String) The userIds field.




<a id="nestedatt--expanded"></a>
### Nested Schema for `expanded`

Read-Only:

- `at_type` (String) The type of the serialized message.


<a id="nestedatt--request_catalog_expand_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `request_catalog_expand_mask`

Read-Only:

- `paths` (List of String) The paths field.
