---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_workday_accounts Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Workday_accounts Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_workday_accounts (Resource)

Workday_accounts Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the workday_accounts integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_workday_accounts" "workday_accounts" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.workday_accounts.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  workday_rest_api_endpoint               = "..."
  workday_client_id                       = "..."
  workday_client_secret                   = "..."
  workday_refresh_token                   = "..."
  workday_sync_service_centers            = false
  workday_sync_user_based_security_groups = false
  workday_user_based_security_groups      = ["..."]
  workday_security_group_types            = ["..."]
  workday_security_groups                 = ["..."]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.
- `workday_client_id` (String) Client ID
- `workday_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret
- `workday_refresh_token` (String, Sensitive) Refresh token
- `workday_rest_api_endpoint` (String) Workday REST API endpoint
- `workday_security_group_types` (List of String) Other security group types (optional)
- `workday_security_groups` (List of String) Other security groups (optional)
- `workday_sync_service_centers` (Boolean) Sync service centers
- `workday_sync_user_based_security_groups` (Boolean) Sync user-based security groups
- `workday_user_based_security_groups` (List of String) User-based security groups (optional)

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
