---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_aws_v2 Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Aws_v2 Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_aws_v2 (Resource)

Aws_v2 Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the aws_v2 integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_aws_v2" "aws_v2" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.aws_v2.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  aws_external_id           = "..."
  aws_role_arn              = "..."
  aws_orgs_enable           = false
  aws_sso_enable            = false
  aws_sso_region            = "..."
  aws_sso_scim_enable       = false
  aws_sso_scim_endpoint     = "..."
  aws_sso_scim_access_token = "..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `aws_orgs_enable` (Boolean) Enable support for AWS Organizations
- `aws_role_arn` (String) Role ARN
- `aws_sso_enable` (Boolean) Enable support for AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On)
- `aws_sso_region` (String) Region for AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On)
- `aws_sso_scim_access_token` (String, Sensitive) SCIM access token for AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On)
- `aws_sso_scim_enable` (Boolean) Enable usage of the AWS IAM Identity Center SCIM API (successor to AWS Single Sign-On)
- `aws_sso_scim_endpoint` (String) SCIM endpoint for AWS IAM Identity Center (successor to AWS Single Sign-On)
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.

### Read-Only

- `aws_external_id` (String) External ID
- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
