---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_azure_devops Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Azure_devops Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_azure_devops (Resource)

Azure_devops Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the azure_devops integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_azure_devops" "azure_devops" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.azure_devops.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  azure_devops_group_oauth = {
    organization_url                       = "..."
    azure_devops_tenant_id                 = "..."
    oauth2_client_cred_grant_client_id     = "..."
    oauth2_client_cred_grant_client_secret = "..."
    sync_teams                             = false
    sync_organization                      = false
  }
  azure_devops_group_pat = {
    organization_url      = "..."
    personal_access_token = "..."
    sync_teams            = false
    sync_organization     = false
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `azure_devops_group_oauth` (Attributes) OAuth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_devops_group_oauth))
- `azure_devops_group_pat` (Attributes) Personal access token (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_devops_group_pat))
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_devops_group_oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_devops_group_oauth`

Optional:

- `azure_devops_tenant_id` (String) Azure tenant ID
- `oauth2_client_cred_grant_client_id` (String) OAuth client ID
- `oauth2_client_cred_grant_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth client secret
- `organization_url` (String) Organization URL
- `sync_organization` (Boolean) Sync organization
- `sync_teams` (Boolean) Sync teams


<a id="nestedatt--azure_devops_group_pat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_devops_group_pat`

Optional:

- `organization_url` (String) Organization URL
- `personal_access_token` (String, Sensitive) Personal access token
- `sync_organization` (Boolean) Sync organization
- `sync_teams` (Boolean) Sync teams
