---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_artifactory Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Artifactory Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_artifactory (Resource)

Artifactory Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the artifactory integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_artifactory" "artifactory" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.artifactory.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  artifactory_base_url                  = "..."
  artifactory_reference_token           = "..."
  log_level                             = "..."
  otel_collector_endpoint               = "..."
  otel_collector_endpoint_tls_cert      = "..."
  otel_collector_endpoint_tls_cert_path = "..."
  otel_collector_endpoint_tls_insecure  = false
  otel_logging_disabled                 = false
  otel_tracing_disabled                 = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `artifactory_base_url` (String, Sensitive) Base URL for artifactory
- `artifactory_reference_token` (String, Sensitive) Reference token for artifactory
- `log_level` (String) The log level: debug, info, warn, error
- `otel_collector_endpoint` (String) The endpoint of the OpenTelemetry collector to send observability data to (used for both tracing and logging if specific endpoints are not provided)
- `otel_collector_endpoint_tls_cert` (String) A PEM-encoded certificate to use as a CA for TLS connections to the OpenTelemetry collector
- `otel_collector_endpoint_tls_cert_path` (String) Path to a file containing a PEM-encoded certificate to use as a CA for TLS connections to the OpenTelemetry collector
- `otel_collector_endpoint_tls_insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure connections to the OpenTelemetry collector
- `otel_logging_disabled` (Boolean) Disable OpenTelemetry logging
- `otel_tracing_disabled` (Boolean) Disable OpenTelemetry tracing
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
