---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_okta Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Okta Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_okta (Resource)

Okta Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the okta integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_okta" "okta" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.okta.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  okta_domain                  = "..."
  okta_api_key                 = "..."
  okta_dont_sync_inactive_apps = false
  okta_extract_aws_saml_roles  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `okta_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The okta api key field.
- `okta_domain` (String) The okta domain field.
- `okta_dont_sync_inactive_apps` (Boolean) Don't include inactive apps in the sync. Defaults to false. If set to true, the integration will only sync active apps.
- `okta_extract_aws_saml_roles` (Boolean) Extract AWS SAML roles from Okta SAML responses. Defaults to false. If set to true, the integration will extract AWS SAML roles from Okta SAML responses.
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
