---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_wiz_query Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Wiz_query Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_wiz_query (Resource)

Wiz_query Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the wiz_query integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_wiz_query" "wiz_query" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.wiz_query.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  wiz_client_id                = "..."
  wiz_client_secret            = "..."
  endpoint_url                 = "..."
  auth_url                     = "..."
  audience                     = "..."
  project_id                   = "..."
  resource_ids                 = ["..."]
  resource_tags                = "..."
  resource_types               = ["..."]
  enable_sync_identities       = false
  enable_sync_service_accounts = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `audience` (String) Audience
- `auth_url` (String) Auth URL
- `enable_sync_identities` (Boolean) Sync Wiz identities
- `enable_sync_service_accounts` (Boolean) Sync Wiz service accounts
- `endpoint_url` (String) Endpoint URL
- `project_id` (String) Project ID (optional)
- `resource_ids` (List of String) Resource IDs
- `resource_tags` (String) Resource tags
- `resource_types` (List of String) Resource types (optional)
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.
- `wiz_client_id` (String) Wiz client ID
- `wiz_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Wiz client secret

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
