---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_microsoft_entra Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Microsoft_entra Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_microsoft_entra (Resource)

Microsoft_entra Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the microsoft_entra integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_microsoft_entra" "microsoft_entra" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.microsoft_entra.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  entra_tenant_id                  = "..."
  entra_client_id                  = "..."
  entra_client_secret              = "..."
  entra_skip_ad_groups             = false
  entra_graph_domain               = "..."
  entra_sign_in_activity           = false
  entra_schedule_scim_provisioning = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `entra_client_id` (String) Entra client ID
- `entra_client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Entra client secret
- `entra_graph_domain` (String) Entra Graph Domain
- `entra_schedule_scim_provisioning` (Boolean) Schedule SCIM Provisioning
- `entra_sign_in_activity` (Boolean) Fetch User Sign-in Activity
- `entra_skip_ad_groups` (Boolean) Skip syncing Active Directory Server groups
- `entra_tenant_id` (String) Entra tenant ID
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
