---
page_title: "conductorone_integration_gcp_gws Resource - terraform-provider-conductorone"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gcp_gws Integration Resource
---

# conductorone_integration_gcp_gws (Resource)

Gcp_gws Integration Resource

This resource allows you to configure an instance of the gcp_gws integration in ConductorOne.
It is always associated with an application. Optionally you can specify the list of users who are owners of the integration.
If owners are not specified, the integration will be owned by the user who created the resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "conductorone_integration_gcp_gws" "gcp_gws" {
  app_id = conductorone_app.gcp_gws.id
  user_ids = [
    conductorone_user.admin.id
  ]
  customer_id                          = "..."
  domain                               = "..."
  administrator_email                  = "..."
  credentials_json                     = "..."
  skip_system_accounts                 = false
  skip_default_projects                = false
  sync_secrets                         = false
  project_ids                          = ["..."]
  enable_workforce_identity_federation = false
  workforce_identity_pool_id           = "..."
  workforce_identity_pool_provider_id  = "..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The ID for the Application that this integration should connected to.

### Optional

- `administrator_email` (String) Google Workspace administrator email
- `credentials_json` (String, Sensitive) Credentials (JSON)
- `customer_id` (String) Google Workspace customer ID
- `domain` (String) Google Workspace domain
- `enable_workforce_identity_federation` (Boolean) Enable workforce identity federation
- `project_ids` (List of String) Project IDs (optional)
- `skip_default_projects` (Boolean) Skip Google Cloud Platform default projects
- `skip_system_accounts` (Boolean) Skip Google Cloud Platform system accounts
- `sync_secrets` (Boolean) Sync secrets
- `user_ids` (List of String) A list of user IDs of who owns this integration. It defaults to the user who created the integration.
- `workforce_identity_pool_id` (String) Google Workspace Workforce Identity Pool ID
- `workforce_identity_pool_provider_id` (String) Google Workspace Workforce Identity Pool Provider ID

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The time this integration was created.
- `deleted_at` (String) The time this integration was deleted.
- `id` (String) The ID of this integration.
- `updated_at` (String) The time this integration was last updated.
